add_library(Builder_Numerobis numerobis.cpp numerobis.h numerobis_config.cpp numerobis_config.h)

add_library(Builder_Numerobis_Blueprint 
blueprint/blueprint.cpp blueprint/blueprint.h
blueprint/component.cpp blueprint/component.h
blueprint/dimension.cpp blueprint/dimension.h

blueprint/elements/element.cpp        blueprint/elements/element.h 
blueprint/elements/dimelement.cpp     blueprint/elements/dimelement.h 
blueprint/elements/realvalelement.cpp blueprint/elements/realvalelement.h
blueprint/elements/paramelement.cpp   blueprint/elements/paramelement.h 
blueprint/elements/parambasic.cpp     blueprint/elements/parambasic.h 
blueprint/elements/formula.cpp        blueprint/elements/formula.h
blueprint/elements/dimreal.cpp        blueprint/elements/dimreal.h
blueprint/elements/registrar.cpp      blueprint/elements/registrar.h
blueprint/elements/factory.cpp        blueprint/elements/factory.h

blueprint/pdfs/pdf.cpp          blueprint/pdfs/pdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/acceptance.cpp   blueprint/pdfs/acceptance.h
blueprint/pdfs/effpdf.cpp       blueprint/pdfs/effpdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/basicpdf.cpp     blueprint/pdfs/basicpdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/resolpdf.cpp     blueprint/pdfs/resolpdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/genwresolpdf.cpp blueprint/pdfs/genwresolpdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/genpdf.cpp       blueprint/pdfs/genpdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/datapdf.cpp      blueprint/pdfs/datapdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/gaussresol.cpp   blueprint/pdfs/gaussresol.h
blueprint/pdfs/decaypdf.cpp     blueprint/pdfs/decaypdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/gausspdf.cpp     blueprint/pdfs/gausspdf.h
blueprint/pdfs/registrar.cpp    blueprint/pdfs/registrar.h
blueprint/pdfs/factory.cpp      blueprint/pdfs/factory.h

)
